# HyBlend
All Hytale assets converted into .blend assets.

The initial purpose of this project is to export all Hytale blocks, items, and entities into Blender. The rigs generated by this project arebarebones, but are a great base for more talented rigging artists to build off of.

## Near-Future Plans (Right after release)
This project is about exporting as much of Hytale into Blender as possible, with the long-term goal being to completely visually represent a snapshot of the game in a Blender scene.

### Exporting all assets
This will be done shortly after release; they will be uploaded to assets/raw_blend and will be cleaned up and organized over time into assets/blend. 

### World/Chunks
I am working on a project called [Hytale World Exporter](https://github.com/GilanRanger/HytaleWorldExporter), which will be able to export Hytale worlds as OBJ files. This project will eventually include an add-on to help with importing a Hytale world's blocks into Blender.

### Sky/Lighting/Weather
After importing a Hytale world into Blender, the add-on will allow you to use Hytale's skyboxes, lighting, and weather/fog effects in Blender

## Far-Future Plans 

### Machinima Scenes
Once Hytale's machinima system has been updated and is more feature-complete, the Blender add-on will be able to import Machinima scenes as fully animated Blender scenes. This is the end goal of this project, allowing you to make machinimas in Hytale, then export them into Blender so that you can do things that aren't possible in Hytale due to performance, the limits of hytale's render engine, and the inability to mod the client.

This will also include the exporting of:
- All lighting
- Sounds/Music
- Modded Entities/Blocks/Items (though an automated process similar to how the vanilla assets are generated here)
